Liss and so we got a double feature
today one is an action thriller starring
paul blart as a neo-nazi and the other
is a cap thriller where a ghost tries to
defund them let me explain
[Music]
so Becky's a Tribeca Film by the guys
who did Bushwick and Cody's and one of
the directors even claims that the
premise is a little bit of home alone
with the tone of green room with hate
girl mixed in there
it's hopped a wretched for the number
one spot at the box office and I don't
see that's all things Tallulah Wilson
she went from being haunted all the time
to doing the hunting the gore in the
practical effects I think are definitely
the standouts and I'd give it a jr.
price on that alone even though the
story is more of a streaming in my
opinion I think if you're a fan of
movies like you're next this will be
right up your alley just know that it's
like the red box original version of
that and like I really mean it's a red
box original version of that so full
spoilers the story follows Becky whose
mother has passed she's getting bullied
at school and the one retreat she's
gonna get with her father gets
interrupted by who decided to get
married
what meanwhile dominic and his neo-nazi
clan escaped from prison to go look for
this key it really comes off as a
MacGuffin which the creators know they
just don't want you to know or leave
sufficient clues whether it's a safe
full of guns or some master plan for
their one-race world symbolically it's
just there to be the driving force that
leads them to go get killed by a 13 year
old girl but what they did have doubt
was how purebred this man was endurance
intelligence strength traits they were
bred for it's in their blood that's why
you never let them mate with other
breeds you get the worst of both okay I
think it's time for you to go yeah you
posted up a white square I'm doing it
for your kind as much as mine all right
it's crazy to think that Simon Pegg
originally was cast for this role and
dropped for another movie that will talk
for another time but I do think Kevin
James does a good job they invade the
house while Becky is out in her tree
house and starts walky talking with them
they shoot the moms knees brand Mikael
blame Mikael and shoot a dog twice
pretty much of them being Nazis wasn't
enough for Becky to go Rambo on them
they give it to you in 30 minutes it's
also sort of a story of empowerment I
really think it is because it's a young
girl who's getting to be angry and sort
of show her
in that really raw way that doesn't we
don't really see that so much with
teenage girls and movies after killing
her dad she hits him with the uppercut
pokes his eye out causing Kevin to do
what I do after watching a lot of his
other movies this girl is sky lining
like Laura Crafton like Croft she's
taunting them adding her own theme music
she's the one setting the rule flares
into their necks honestly she's so good
at killing that she gets bored you know
I think there's a big difference and
between real violence and cinematic
violence and that idea that you can kind
of get out your aggressions and kind of
sit back and let this little shocking
ride wave you know ride you just ride it
and have fun with it and not you know
take it too seriously I'm sure there's
an r-rated cut out there that goes even
further
the directors talked about multiple
takes for the eyeball scene where Kevin
just yelled in pain as they tried to cut
it out in multiple ways but really
there's a lot a couple more seconds of
footage can do and that's why in less
than an hour Dom comes in more
disappointed than the Hitler meme Becky
is a strong-willed and vindictive as
they come she ain't wrong girl was legit
gonna leave them there to die just
because they weren't related to her my
mom's dead
obviously the movie is dealing with
anger and overcoming grief there's a
scene where they talk about proving ones
love for another and Dominic's
perspective is all on obedience and for
a second with the hate she had for her
stepmom and with the way she killed with
so much angst and the fact that the key
was in her mama's property I almost
stopped Becky was gonna turn movie even
begins with all these parallels between
the prison and Becky at school she gets
picked up when they get picked up
they cut between the transport vehicle
and hers but as apex two very big
henchmen says
it's not too late for you just a coup so
instead of going the violent route she
goes about it laughs cooker Kevin does
try to bring her into his clan but
keeping with the home alone images she
tells him good night I love how he tried
to picture that together they can go far
and instead she fargo's him the three of
them get rescued as they sit next to
Becky calmly even though they know she
just took out half a dozen men with no
heavy artillery and lies to the cops
about the key that they were after
clutching on to it even though it has
the same double symbol on it that they
would have noticed tattooed on all of
the dead bodies that were splattered all
over the place literally it was on their
skulls all the way down to their toes so
I don't know how the police didn't do a
double-take on that perhaps she's saving
it for a sequel considering the fact
that they never really sold the getaway
house and now Becky can go back whenever
she wants and figure out what the key
really means or what exactly would
unlock if they wanted us to know the
movie begins with Becky being angry
it ends with her being angrier so I am
curious to see whether she embraces her
new family or them her whether she gets
trapped in the system or if she
continues her vigilante justice of
exterminating this hateful ideology
legacies okay did it take years of body
cam comes from Malik Fatah who
previously did imperio dreams and is now
doing his first horror with the tagline
being protect to serve a survive it
centers around another police shooting
that's on the news and now they're not
welcomed like even in the spiritual
world I think the movie has a very
interesting premise and twist but as
clever as the mashup of genres is it
could have been a little bit better in
my opinion but it's still worth of
streaming if you're able to catch it so
full spoilers we follow mary j blige as
character Renae a Louisiana cop who just
got back from her eight-month leave
after her body cam footage of hitting a
civilian was released have you moved on
from your son's death I need to work I
really need to work I'm going to
recommend you return to active duty
mental health 101 overworking yourself
and I handle your personal issues
probably not the best thing when you
have authority to carry a lethal weapon
they bring in Danny who's going on a
ride-along
with Rene while tensions in the city are
still high at one point they try to help
a kid out on the street and the black
comes out expeditiously to boot him and
Rene does the right thing by leaving I
was good at you handled that though they
go to another crime scene where they
find teeth on the hood of a car and the
officer from the beginning Jeepers
Creepers up on a pole and it's only Rene
who sees what's on the recording before
disappearing and that's where I think
the movie could have worked better from
the thriller aspect intertwining her
grief and the paranormal to the point
that we as the audience want to know
what's true or not but we kind of dune
it's pretty obvious they're kind of just
waiting for the horror tropes to happen
[Music]
the practical effects were pretty good
especially in the convenience store
involving these two hooligans trying to
go viral and then losing their vitals
when again why the spirit attacks some
people and not others when they're right
in front of them I don't know but we
kind of find out later
Rene starts googling and gets closer to
cracking the case [ __ ] let it go [ __ ]
you mean let it go hey just leave it
alone and throughout the film you can
see the guilt consuming Danny since he
knows the truth and it isn't until after
his suicide that he leaves behind his
body cam to reveal a cover-up we see
that a nurse's son was shot by cops who
kept yelling at him and then shot him
after not complying only to find out
that the kid was deaf yeah yeah and so
they take a page out of real life the
optics on this with real bad yeah you
understand me uh-huh it gets out we shot
a kid in the public and the
administration and everybody's gonna
ream our ass they suffocate him with a
bag which along with the shattered teeth
from his fall become the reoccurring
visuals for every incident and then
turns out that the chip is in on it too
you need to stay unified about what
happened
it's almost like the whole department
isn't on this he died because of you you
know I always thought you were a cop
first I am a cop first [ __ ] and so the
Marcos mother then appears with the
spirit that's been enacting revenge and
goes in the end the case gets uncovered
injustice is brought like the tagline
pokes at it should be focusing less on
their own survival but the idea of their
job which is protecting and serving like
imagine a firefighter looking at a
burning building and denouncing their
duty because you know they're family
it's a decent genre blend that I would
have loved to see more of especially
behind the spirit considering the
location the ramifications of all these
cops having their badges blacked out but
overall the strongest to the line in the
film is that of these two mothers who
even after death even after all these
cover-ups and ravaging spirits don't
stop looking out for their children
thinking I've checking out this video
I'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comment section in terms of
Becky like I said I really like the
visuals of it it's the same
cinematographer Greta
Soula from the half of it and I really
like the visuals now and as well it just
so happens to be a story about violence
not be getting violence even though it
includes things like this body cam on
the other hand I really enjoyed the
story I just felt that maybe a lot was
cut out in fact there is a quote talking
about how much of it was actually cut
out and you actually look at the release
schedule and you realize that they
pushed his back in the laid it a lot so
I'm sure there's a lot of other behind
the scenes dealing with it but as of now
I'm still more in Alex versus NAT fan I
think he's still got the better movies
but I'm curious to know your thoughts
especially right now with all the police
shows that are getting cancelled cops :
and fake complaints I've talked about
how this is practically that the cop
johner has become its own thing and
you've been seeing it leaked into other
movies recently comedies were it that's
actually like the twist for a lot of the
villains so you're gonna be seeing a lot
more of that in a bunch of other movies
but I'm curious on your thoughts on
these two any other ones that you guys
would recommend and until next time
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe or Kevin James will moped into
your house